All right so whenever you build this kind of apps it's very common to break everything into small components.
So if you know Wordpress or any HP framework for example it's the same idea.
We need to break everything into small pieces and then tie them together.
This is very common for PH frameworks.
It's same thing for react and other frameworks.
So I'm going to give you I'm going to bring a chart right here.
So this is when we were going to be creating at first just to learn the basics.
We're going to have a parent component right on top of the chain and then we're going to add some things
and begin to build kind of a news app.
So on top and inside of the parent component.
We can have a header.
All right.
And this is going to be a different component and that's the main idea of react.
We have one component on top of the chain and inside we can have lots of components.
So the first one is going to be the header.
Let's get then besides the header.
We're going to have the component that contains the news so we can have one big component for the news.
And inside the news component you can have all the items inside the news component which is going to
be each news.
All right.
So we have a punt component inside the parent component.
We have two components one with Hetter and then the other one with the content of the news and inside
the content of the news.
We can have each news one component for each news.
All right.
That's good.
So you know this is this is fine.
This is just a simple structure but this is kind of a small but we're going to start small at the beginning
just you know baby steps.
And in real life this is going to get really confusing.
You can have a lot of components going around.
So it's going to be kind of messy but that's fine.
That is just until you get used to it.
OK.
Don't worry.
So I'm going to go back to our project right here.
Let me just bring the color world.
OK.
And inside the project structure I'm going to start doing some things now.
The first thing we need to do is to create a folder called components.
And some people call it buse or includes or templates components imbues are the most popular ones.
So we're going to use components inside source folder I'm going to create a new folder that called components
right inside the components folder and it create all the components that we can use to build the application.
So OK so first we begin in the header.
So I'm going to say Hetter that day as well.
JS The old thing is going to be the news component.
So I'm going to create a new file and this one is going to be called news underscore list.
Yes.
And then inside the news list we're going to have one component for each news.
So again just can it create new file and say news the underscore list on score item that has that site.
So this is what we're going to be begin to do at first in the index where we have the me go back where
we have the app inside here.
It's going to be kind of the parent component and inside the parent component we can have the header
and then use list and then inside the useless begin can have each item.
All right that's fine.
So let's go to the next section and start building this.